This stateless password manager can derive passwords from master password
and other variables.

# Why is it better than stateful password managers?

It is not better. It is different. You can access your passwords generated by this app
even if you do not have access to your stateful password manager.

## Example usecase #1
You need to access some services from untrusted devices where you do not want to store
or access your stateful password vault.

## Example usecase #2
You need a password for a recovery system where you store the backup of your stateful
password vault.

## Example usecase #3
You need to access passwords on devices where you do not have internet access nor your
stateful password vault.

## Example usecase #4
You need some passwords in CLI environment but your stateful password manager does not have
CLI interface.

## Example usecase #4
You are lazy enough to remember a reasonably long password for your stateful password vault
but you are wise enough not to store it in plain text

## Example usecase #5
You are a tech enthusiast who want to try out what can be done with Argon2 and HMAC-SHA512

# Advantages

- You can use a memorable password and variables to generate strong passwords
- You can use different passwords for different services while you only remember one (and the variables!)
- You can use this without access to your stateful password database

# Drawbacks:

- If you want to change your master password you need to changes all of your passwords everywhere
- If your master password is compromised all of your passwords are compromised
- You need to remember the master password and all the vairables related to generated password
- You can not store your existing passwords in a stateless password manager
- The password generated by a stateless password manager may not fit all password policies
- You can not store notes and other data in a stateless password manager
- You can not handle two factor authentication secrets with a stateless password manager

# Conclusion

Use a stateful password manager unless you have a good reason to use a stateless one.

# Disclaimer

I wrote this app for fun and for myself. You can use it at your own risk but before you do so evaluate
the source code carefully. I do not plan to distribute it as binary so you have to build it yourself.

# Note

I want to keep this app as simple and easy to understand as possible so I try to avoid adding too much
more functionality to it. There are many other stateless password managers with more functionality.




